README.md, before:

[![jschanker's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jschanker&show_icons=true&theme=cobalt)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<!--[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jschanker&show_icons=true&theme=cobalt)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)-->
- 👋 Hi, I’m @jschanker, an Associate Professor at Molloy College.
- 🔭 I’m currently attempting to:
  1. [Blockly Text2Code](https://github.com/jschanker/blockly-text2code) : Create a self-contained web/mobile app that would allow people to learn the content from my Visual Programming course without the traditional use of lectures, notes, or other external sources.  More concretely, users would learn by doing, completing programming problems and related tasks from the class through guided instruction and instantaneous feedback.  They would start by assembling code in block-based and textual native languages (English, Hindi, etc.) before quickly transitioning to industry-standard ones such as JavaScript or Python.  The larger goal is to allow people to learn how to program in their own native languages without an internet connection (once they download the app).  See the course in progress here: https://jschanker.github.io/blockly-text2code/csc1030/?level=0 (0 can be changed to 1-18).  This work uses [Google's Blockly](https://github.com/google/blockly) and is supported by a Google education grant.
  2. [Google's Blockly](https://github.com/google/blockly) : Provide my students with real-world software development experience by having them contribute to Google's Blockly repository.
  3. Biology Research Project : Automate the process of scanning a large number of images, identifying regions of interest, and measuring their intensities to see which conditions were conducive to collagen II production. 
- 👀 I’m interested in all things JavaScript and contributing to projects with positive societal impact and that give me an excuse to learn more Hindi.
<!-- - 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...-->

<!---
jschanker/jschanker is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Added areas for Associate Professor
Math and Computer Science

README.md, after:

[![jschanker's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jschanker&show_icons=true&theme=cobalt)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<!--[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jschanker&show_icons=true&theme=cobalt)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)-->
- 👋 Hi, I’m @jschanker, an Associate Professor of Math and Computer Science at Molloy College.
- 🔭 I’m currently attempting to:
  1. [Blockly Text2Code](https://github.com/jschanker/blockly-text2code) : Create a self-contained web/mobile app that would allow people to learn the content from my Visual Programming course without the traditional use of lectures, notes, or other external sources.  More concretely, users would learn by doing, completing programming problems and related tasks from the class through guided instruction and instantaneous feedback.  They would start by assembling code in block-based and textual native languages (English, Hindi, etc.) before quickly transitioning to industry-standard ones such as JavaScript or Python.  The larger goal is to allow people to learn how to program in their own native languages without an internet connection (once they download the app).  See the course in progress here: https://jschanker.github.io/blockly-text2code/csc1030/?level=0 (0 can be changed to 1-18).  This work uses [Google's Blockly](https://github.com/google/blockly) and is supported by a Google education grant.
  2. [Google's Blockly](https://github.com/google/blockly) : Provide my students with real-world software development experience by having them contribute to Google's Blockly repository.
  3. Biology Research Project : Automate the process of scanning a large number of images, identifying regions of interest, and measuring their intensities to see which conditions were conducive to collagen II production. 
- 👀 I’m interested in all things JavaScript and contributing to projects with positive societal impact and that give me an excuse to learn more Hindi.
<!-- - 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...-->

<!---
jschanker/jschanker is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
